Project Committee Meeting - August 13, 2020, 12:00 PM ET

ATTENDEES: Eriawan Kusumawardhono (@eriawan), Jeremy Sinclair (@snickler), Tanner Gooding (@tannergooding), Chris Sfanos (@ChrisSfanos), Claire Novotny (@clairernovotny), Chris Hammond (@ChrisHammond)

ABSENT: Scott Willhite (@mrswoop), Juan Elosegui (@jmelosegui)

STAFF OBSERVERS: Terracia King (@terraciaking)

AGENDA

1. MONTHLY PROGRESS UPDATE

- Verify - Board of Directors agreed to accept the Projects Committee’s recommendation and approve Verify application
- Polyjuice & SecureDNS - feedback sent to project maintainers regarding license and health metric maturity. Both projects were promoted to the Seed Level. 
- ImageSharp - @sbwalker created a draft for the ImageSharp collaboration blog. 
  - ImageSharp’s owner decided not to move forward with the blog post at this time. 
  - @sbwalker will follow up. 
- Board Elections - updated Project Committee members on .NET Foundation election results. 
  - New Board members announced. 
  - Six new Board members and one returning Board member.
  - @sbwalker action item to present a Projects Committee overview at the next Board meeting.

2. REVIEW NEW PROJECT APPLICATIONS	

- Nanoframework - reviewed health metrics and eligibility criteria. 
  - Health metrics indicate this project is mature. 
  - Further research indicated this project includes a very expansive set of subprojects. 
  - License check indicated that they use different permissive licenses across their projects. 
  - Project Committee agreed to recommend Nanoframework to the Board for membership.
- nopCommerce - reviewed health metrics and eligibility criteria. 
  - Health metrics indicate this project is very mature. 
  - Licensing check indicated that they are licensed under a custom copyleft license that does not fit the criteria. 
  - Project Committee will present the project to the Board but will not recommend the project for membership.

3. PROJECT

- Project/Seed Benefits Proposal Discussion 
  - Claire mentioned .NET Foundation now has GitHub Enterprise subscription that projects owners will be asked to join as a benefit.
  - @tannergooding provided an update on the list of project benefits started in GitHub. 
  - suggested that the Foundation could provide "best practices" documentation for early stage projects on how to create a new project. 
  - The documentation could be a GitHub template that project owners can refer too. 
  - @tannergooding action item to upload the project benefits to the PR discussion board to allow members to review and add suggestions. 
  - @tannergooding action item to partner with @clairenovotny to crosslink the discussion post to the Announcement repository. 
- DNF Projects Site 
  - @sbwalker provided an update on the application for daily tracking of health metrics 
  - https://dnfprojects.azurewebsites.net/net-foundation-projects
  - The application can provide metrics such as the compare the projects with the highest growth, monitor a project’s activity, and which projects have the most pull request.
  - @sbwalker action item to sync with @clairenovotny to review the Azure credits available for hosting the application within the Foundation.
- Project Reconciliation  
  - @snickler action item to send any old projects or unusual instances to @clairenovotny and @ChrisSfanos to clean up. 
  - @clairenovotny is currently working with a lawyer to formally define what it means to be a .NET Foundation project from a legal perspective. 
- Open Source Licensing Discussion Continuation 
  - @eriawan led the open source project licensing discussion.
  - @eriawan posted a write up on licenses that should be accepted by the Foundation. 
  - @eriawan action item will upload the licensing write up as a PR on the Projects’ site to solicit feedback. 
  - Discussion held about the current licensing criteria and whether there is value in accepting projects outside of that criteria.

4. Q&A

The meeting adjourned at 1:00 pm ET