Project Committee Meeting - July 8, 2021, 12:00 PM ET

ATTENDEES: Shaun Walker (@sbwalker), Jeremy Sinclair (@snickler), Eriawan Kusumawardhono (@eriawan), Juan Elosegui (@jmelosegui), Scott Willhite (@mrswoop), Ken Cutt (@kencutt), Tanner Gooding (@tannergooding), Shawn Vause (@napalm684)

ABSENT: CChris Hammond (@ChrisHammond), Chris Sfanos (@ChrisSfanos), Jeff Strauss (@jstrauss), Claire Novotny (@clairernovotny)

STAFF OBSERVERS: Terracia King (@terraciaking)

AGENDA

1. MONTHLY PROGRESS UPDATE

- Quiet momth
- The Board approved the NUKE project

2. REVIEW NEW PROJECT APPLICATIONS
- ObjectStore
  - activity metrics indicate this project is not mature
  - limited activity
  - licensing check indicated that the project does not have a permissive license.
  - Project Committee will not recommend ObjectStore to the Board for approval at this time.
  - Project Committee will follow up with project maintainer
- BrightChain
  - activity metrics indicate the project is not mature
  - limited activity
  - licensing check revealed the license is not permissive. 
  - project maintainer stated that they would be willing to change the license to a permissive license.
  - possible Seed Project if the license is changed.
  - Project Committee will not recommend BrightChain to the Board for approval at this time.
  - Project Committee will follow up with project maintainer
- MQTTnet
  - activity metrics indicate this project is mature.
  - a lot of activity and adoption
  - Licensing check indicates the project meets the required criteria.
  - Project Committee will recommend the MQTTnet project to the Board for approval.
- Arad Xmpp
  - activity metrics indicate the project is not mature
  - limited activity
  - Only one contributor
  - Licensing check indicates the project meets the required criteria.
  - Does not have a release.
  - Project Committee will not recommend the Arad Xmpp project to the Board for approval at this time.
- OpenMod
  - Reviewed the OpenMod project last year and did not approve due to non-permissive licensing.
  - The project maintainers recently changed the license to MIT. 
  - activity metrics indicate the project is mature
  - lots of activity
  - need to obtain legal guidance to determine risk factors of relicensing from EUPL to MIT

3. PROJECT

- Code of Code Enforcement Plan
  - @sbwalker held a discussion on the .NET Foundation Code of Conduct Enforcement document.
  - @mrswoop action item to provide feedback to Claire Novotny on the Code of Conduct Enforcement document. 

The meeting adjourned at 12:52 PM ET.
