Project Committee Meeting - June 10, 2021, 12:00 PM ET

ATTENDEES: Shaun Walker (@sbwalker), Jeremy Sinclair (@snickler), John Callaway (@ovation22), Eriawan Kusumawardhono (@eriawan), Juan Elosegui (@jmelosegui), Scott Willhite (@mrswoop), Ken Cutt (@kencutt)  

ABSENT: Chris Hammond (@ChrisHammond), Chris Sfanos (@ChrisSfanos), Jeff Strauss (@jstrauss), Claire Novotny (@clairernovotny), Tanner Gooding (@tannergooding)

STAFF OBSERVERS: Terracia King (@terraciaking)

AGENDA

1. MONTHLY PROGRESS UPDATE

- HIBP project launched and created a big impact. 
  - @ovation22 action item to contact the project maintainer to confirm that he would still like to transfer the servicing of the HIBP project to the Foundation. 
- the Board approved bUnit, AspNet oilerplate, and ASP.NET API Versioning projects
- the Board requested that the Project Committee review the NUKE project again
  - activity metrics indicate this project is mature.
  - project has a lot of activity
  - similar to the CAKE project ( which is already a Foundation member )
  - Licensing check indicated that the project met the required criteria.
- the project maintainer from OpenMod inquired about the status of their project application
  - licensing check revealed that their license is not permissive. 
  - the project maintainer stated that they would be willing to change the license to a permissive license. 
  - @sbwalker will stay in touch with the project maintainer for updates.

2. REVIEW NEW PROJECT APPLICATIONS
- Arad SMS Gateway
  - activity metrics indicate this project is very new.
  - very little activity
  - does not have many contributors.
  - licensing check indicated that the project does not meet the Foundation criteria.
  - Project Committee will not recommend the Arad SMS Gateway project to the Board for approval.
- NUKE
  - The Project Committee reiterated their previous concerns that promoting alternative build systems can create challenges for .NET developers 
  - The Board feedback was that we should encourage a variety of solutions within the Foundation and .NET ecosystem which solve similar problems.
  - @snickler stated that if NUKE is similar to the CAKE project, then there is nothing that should disqualify it as a member. 
  - Project Committee will recommend the NUKE project to the Board for approval.

3. PROJECT

- Project Committee Budget
  - @sbwalker held a discussion on the Projects Committee’s budget wish list.
  - The following budget wish list items were identified:
    - Provide Committee members with a @dotnetfoundation.org email address.
    - Offer site hosting to project maintainers
    - Offer Azure credits to Foundation projects.
    - Develop automatic processes around project onboarding and tracking.
    - Hold in-person events.
    - Host Hack-a-thons to help gain more exposure to the Foundation’s projects. 
    - Offer prizes or giveaways for volunteers.
    - Have a booth at 1-2 conferences throughout the year.
    - Provide .NET Foundation’s swag as a welcome package for new project members 

The meeting adjourned at 12:56 PM ET.
